update readme (#81)
hubmapconsortium/user-templates-api: README.md

# user-templates-api
This repository handles templates for the [workspaces feature](https://portal.hubmapconsortium.org/workspaces) in the HuBMAP Data Portal. Templates are pre-set notebooks with analyses that can be added to a workspace. Variables linked to a workspace (such as the datasets added to the workspace) can be added into the templates.

## Contributing
We welcome contributions! Please see our [contributing guidelines](https://github.com/hubmapconsortium/user-templates-api/blob/development/CONTRIBUTING.md). For adding new templates, please see our [template contributing guidelines](https://github.com/hubmapconsortium/user-templates-api/blob/development/src/user_templates_api/templates/jupyter_lab/templates/new_template/README.md). 

We also have a slack channel for feedback on the workspaces. Please reach out to the HuBMAP Help Desk ([help@hubmapconsortium.org](mailto:help@hubmapconsortium.org)) to get in touch.

## Contributors

> This project is part of the HuBMAP consortium. The main contributors to the workspaces are the [ittsburgh Supercomputing Cente](https://www.psc.edu/) and the [HIDIVE Lab](https://hidivelab.org) at [Harvard Medical School](https://hms.harvard.edu).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project is part of the HuBMAP consortium. The main contributors to the workspaces are the [Pittsburgh Supercomputing Center](https://www.psc.edu/) and the [HIDIVE Lab](https://hidivelab.org) at [Harvard Medical School](https://hms.harvard.edu).
```

Reviewer: Thanks for updating the README! 
Suggestions for fixing typos.

Author: Thanks for seeing that! I copied it over from the site, but clearly didn't copy it well.
